docs: update minimal node version (#695)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: versioned_docs/version-2.x/appendices/migration-guides/index.mdx

## `2.24.0` -> `2.25.0`

### Drop support of Node 14

> In this version we've **dropped support for Node 14**. The minimum required
> version is now Node 16
> 
> You need to check your project dependencies for compatibility with at lease Node
> 16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this version we've **dropped support for Node 14** (<abbr title="End Of Life">EOL</abbr>: 2023-04-30). The minimum required
version is now Node 16.

You need to check your project dependencies for compatibility with at least Node
16.
```

## `2.24.0` -> `2.25.0`

### Drop support of Node 14

In this version we've **dropped support for Node 14**
(<abbr title="End Of Life">EOL</abbr>: 2023-04-30). The minimum required version
is now Node 16.

You need to check your project dependencies for compatibility with at least

> Node 16.

Reviewer 2: It's not super clear as to what actions integrators should take to achieve this.

Author: Added instruction to check dependencies versions on npm website, but don't know what to add

Author: https://deploy-preview-695--heuristic-almeida-1a1f35.netlify.app/docs/2.x/appendices/migration-guides/#drop-support-of-node-14
